Return-Path: <electronics@dosisneighborhood.mail>
Delivered-To: dosismail@dosisneighborhood.mail
Received: from workshop.dosisneighborhood.mail (workshop [10.0.0.9])
        by mail.dosisneighborhood.mail (Postfix) with ESMTP id 2N4B8C6D1E
        for <dosismail@dosisneighborhood.mail>; Sat, 21 Dec 2024 14:55:12 +0000 (UTC)
From: "Sparky McGillicuddy" <electronics@dosisneighborhood.mail>
To: "DIY Electronics Club" <makers@dosisneighborhood.mail>
Subject: Help! My Electronics Keep Disappearing and Reappearing!
Date: Sat, 21 Dec 2024 14:54:39 +0000
Message-ID: <electronic-mysteries@dosisneighborhood.mail>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=UTF-8
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit

Fellow Electronics Enthusiasts,

Something VERY weird is happening in my workshop, and I need your help figuring it out!

I've been working on a new smart home automation system for the holidays, but my components keep vanishing! Here's what's been taken:

✓ 23 resistors (but only the 10-ohm ones - very specific!)
✓ 8 tiny motors from old CD players
✓ A bunch of LEDs (red and green only - they left the blue ones!)
✓ Several small servos
✓ ALL of my copper wire under 24 gauge
✓ My entire collection of small screws and bolts

But here's the REALLY strange part - some items keep coming BACK, but they've been modified! My old radio components were returned, but someone had soldered them into weird little circuits that I don't recognize.

I found tiny tool marks on my workbench and what looks like miniature chair impressions in the sawdust. There are also these strange blueprints drawn in pencil on scraps of paper - they look like schematics for some kind of... cooling system?

My workshop security camera caught something moving around at 3 AM, but it was too small and fast to make out clearly. All I could see were tiny sparks, like someone was doing miniature welding!

Has anyone else had their electronics mysteriously "borrowed" lately? I'm starting to think we have some very skilled, very small thieves in the neighborhood!

Puzzled (and missing half my inventory),
Sparky McGillicuddy
Chief Tinkerer
Dosis Neighborhood Electronics Club

P.S. - If you find any tiny hammers or miniature soldering irons, those are probably mine too!