Return-Path: <librarian@dosisneighborhood.mail>
Delivered-To: dosismail@dosisneighborhood.mail
Received: from library.dosisneighborhood.mail (library [10.0.0.13])
        by mail.dosisneighborhood.mail (Postfix) with ESMTP id 8G1H5K3L9M
        for <dosismail@dosisneighborhood.mail>; Mon, 23 Dec 2024 11:17:42 +0000 (UTC)
From: "Ms. Pagebottom" <librarian@dosisneighborhood.mail>
To: "Library Patrons" <readers@dosisneighborhood.mail>
Subject: 📚 Overdue Books & Mysterious Library Activity 📚
Date: Mon, 23 Dec 2024 11:17:18 +0000
Message-ID: <library-mysteries@dosisneighborhood.mail>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=UTF-8
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit

Dear Valued Library Patrons,

I'm writing to inform you of some... unusual... developments at the Dosis Neighborhood Library.

FIRST, our standard overdue notice: The following books are past due and should be returned immediately:
- "How to Fix Refrigerators for Dummies" (checked out to... hmm, the signature is illegible, very tiny handwriting)
- "Advanced Cooling Systems Engineering" (same illegible tiny signature)
- "The Complete Guide to Underground Tunnel Systems" (again with the tiny writing!)
- "Metallurgy: Working with Small Components" (you get the pattern...)

SECOND, and more concerning: We've had several break-ins, but nothing was stolen! Instead, someone has been ORGANIZING our books! Every technical manual has been carefully sorted and specific chapters have been bookmarked with tiny pieces of paper.

I also found miniature reading glasses left on the physics section desk, along with what appears to be a tiny bookmark made from a candy cane wrapper.

The most puzzling part: Our security cameras show small figures moving between the bookshelves at night, but they always turn the lights off when they're done and even reshelf books in better order than we had them!

If these are the politest burglars in history, I suppose we should be grateful. But I am curious WHO is reading "Industrial Refrigeration Systems" at 2 AM!

Anyone with information about our mysterious midnight scholars should contact the library immediately.

Bewildered but appreciative,
Ms. Gertrude Pagebottom
Head Librarian
Dosis Neighborhood Public Library
"Knowledge is power... even in tiny packages"

P.S. - We're considering adding a "Miniature Reading Section" if this continues. Is there a market for pocket-sized technical manuals?