Return-Path: <pizza@dosisneighborhood.mail>
Delivered-To: dosismail@dosisneighborhood.mail
Received: from kitchen.dosisneighborhood.mail (kitchen [10.0.0.11])
        by mail.dosisneighborhood.mail (Postfix) with ESMTP id 4F7H2J8K9L
        for <dosismail@dosisneighborhood.mail>; Sun, 22 Dec 2024 19:33:25 +0000 (UTC)
From: "Tony's Pizza Palace" <pizza@dosisneighborhood.mail>
To: "Hungry Neighbors" <everyone@dosisneighborhood.mail>
Subject: 🍕 Weekly Special + WEIRD Delivery Incident 🍕
Date: Sun, 22 Dec 2024 19:33:01 +0000
Message-ID: <pizza-special-and-weirdness@dosisneighborhood.mail>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=UTF-8
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit

Hey Dosis Neighborhood Pizza Lovers!

First, the good news: This week's special is our famous "Holiday Supreme" pizza with extra cheese, pepperoni, and those little candy cane-shaped peppers that everyone loves!

But I gotta tell you about the WEIRDEST delivery I've ever made...

Last night I got an order for 47 tiny pizzas - each one only about 2 inches across! The order came with very specific instructions:
- "Extra small pepperoni only"
- "Deliver to the garden behind 123 Elm Street"
- "Leave by the mushroom circle"
- "Payment will be left in bottle caps"

I thought it was a prank, but someone had already paid with exactly 147 bottle caps (which, honestly, was more than the pizzas were worth). So I made the tiny pizzas - took me FOREVER with my tweezers!

When I got to the delivery spot, I left the pizzas by the mushroom circle as requested. As I was walking back to my car, I SWEAR I saw tiny figures come out from behind some old "Gnomes in Your Home" decorations and start carrying the pizzas away!

I found a note this morning that said "EXCELLENT PIZZA. WILL ORDER AGAIN SOON. - THE MANAGEMENT"

So... uh... if anyone else gets orders for miniature food, apparently that's a thing now? The bottle caps spend just fine at the bank, so I'm not complaining!

Also, has anyone else noticed their "Gnomes in Your Home" decorations look suspiciously well-fed lately? And why do I keep seeing those candy cane striped legs moving around?

Confused but happy to serve,
Tony Pepperoni
Owner, Tony's Pizza Palace
"We deliver anywhere (apparently including to garden decorations)"

P.S. - I'm now taking orders for "Gnome-sized" portions. Don't ask me why.